All right so let's continue.
We are refactoring we already refactor creating this one inserted categories into functions.
Let's go ahead and refer to some of it some other stuff right here.
This is the update and include code.
I don't think we should refactor this.
This is actually very simple is probably going to take the same amount of code to refactor almost so
just just leave it like this.
That's fine and we're just going to say something like Update and include
and include Kohary.
All right we just kind of say it like.
And then they see this on this long is to find old categories and this will be refactoring right.
So let's go ahead to functions and refactor function actually right here all capitals for some reason
function fine or categories.
All right.
We're going to find all categories I think that's a good name.
Let's bring our bill over let's not forget that we can use it here just do it ahead of time.
There's gold backed categories and it's take all these out of here.
Boom done.
Let's go back to this.
Here
we go.
Looks a little neater there.
Perfect.
Go back here.
All right.
So let's just take the name of this
and let's call it from here.
All right.
I think this looks a lot better.
We should actually have a comment somewhere right.
Well we can that's fine.
I think he says it already we don't need to put a comma in there.
He says what he will do.
Let's see if that works.
We don't get any arrows.
All right looks like he's working.
All right.
We're finding all the categories and we click on it.
Everything is working.
All right.
Let's see if we can do one more.
We have the lead right here.
So let's do it.
The lead also.
So that's cold here.
And you can see and do and do this function if you want to puzzle video and try to do it yourself you
can.
All right.
So that way we can get some practice categories categories.
All right
folks while I was writing as is there and this just gets caught out of here we are right we are forgetting
the global right.
Let's get to global bring it down as the global connection for effect.
Right.
That is good.
Good.
Very good.
Right.
Let's come back here and that shows right here what it should do what is right here.
And this I think is a lot better to do.
Yes.
All right.
It's looking good.
Looking a lot better right.
And it looks beautiful.
All right.
So let's go ahead and check it out.
Check it out.
That's the D-1.
Oops.
All right delete functions.
Perfect is working beautifully.
I think we are done.
I think we're done with this section here for now.
All right.
You can go ahead and keep fixing things out now if you want you can convert this into a function I'm
just going to leave it the same.
And since it's not really taking a lot of cold out it's not being it's not clear doing anything there.
All right.
So try if you want to try this and convert it into a function that's up to you.
But I think we're done with this page for now and we will continue with our lectures.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you on the next lectures.
Take care